we're getting some canola oil heat up
the oil I'm putting about since we're
making three cans of chickpeas I'm gonna
put about three tablespoons maybe
slightly more than three tablespoons of
oil how much heat the Heat's on medium
to high right now pans already kind of
hot so we're gonna go with that giant
onion one thing I remember reading once
was about how different cultures cook
garlic differently and so in Italy they
like to make sure that the garlic is
just touched by the heat they don't like
to burn it whereas an Indian cooking a
lot you'll see browned garlic maybe put
the ginger and the green chili right so
why don't we do that there's a nice deal
by the way what is this that is full of
the Amanda you sound like you're doing a
little spark for them this is nice this
is nice beer damn it yeah that's how
they do it every step a point like can I
not say this is my sphere without
suddenly being seen as a commercial show
so we've got so far the onion the
chilies the ginger we're going to put in
there
two giant cloves of garlic that we
chopped and could even put more
depending on you know how much you love
garlic I actually love garlic but I'm
not gonna make this too crazy I think at
this point we're basically ready for the
spices you can take a quick look at the
onion and you know you'll see that it is
getting pinkish pinkish light like
relish and I might say I would venture
to say maybe so pull this money one
could be so bold as to say that this is
light brown so now we're ready for the
master spice chana masala this is key
and of course the way I'm gonna do it
the way I'm gonna do it is I'm going to
not measure anything but I recommend you
don't do this at home the right way to
do this really is you measure and I
would say a tablespoon of this powder
for each can of chickpeas it's probably
good so that was one tablespoon
I'm gonna go sprinkle another tablespoon
right there
oh and I'd say three tablespoons and I'm
gonna put one more for good luck
that's a bit I know I know it seems like
a lot but there's a lot of chickpeas
there's a lot of chickpeas that's me all
right I think this is ready to go with
tomatoes so at this point you can see
this is all the brown spices sort of
mixed in there the onions have reduced
quite a bit and now we put in the
tomatoes and honestly with tomatoes the
more the better
I really can't go wrong so quick recap
onions you try to get them a little pink
then you put in ginger and chili peppers
then you put in a little bit of garlic
and when everything is sort of getting
pink you put it on the chana masala
powder and when that's cooked a little
bit you got to cook the masala a little
bit of the spices and when that's done
you put in the tomatoes and watch
yourself basically you're essentially
done at this point you're just gonna let
the tomato and everything stew a little
bit and at the end of that you're gonna
put in the chickpeas and then you gonna
just let it cook for as long as possible
I think something I just want to mention
here like this right here this is like
the basis of a lot of Indian dishes if
you want to use this as like a base you
can make a lot of vegetables going
forward from here that's right right all
right so we got the first can of
chickpeas in looking beautiful I'm
really hungry
yeah well the beauty is once you've
added the beans
it's gonna take very little so we're
gonna put a little bit of water because
it's a little it needs a little bit of
water basically just by looking at it it
looks a little mushy and it needs we
need a little bit more watery gravy so
putting about I would say half a cup
right yeah salamé and now the salt set
up what are you talking about we don't
do setups no that'll show it's just like
natural by just looking how we normally
are yeah yeah we talk constantly about
what we're doing while they're cooking
that's why I didn't I think part of the
charm
of what we're doing right here Pulis
what seemed like you know sushi and
Ishod are trying to make a cooking show
yes
I mean you gotta admit that's part of
what's funny about this maybe that means
that's what we should call it like
something like sushi and they shot tried
make a cooking show and he contributed
to things to my life that I will never
forget okay
he was something do you kid yes the
first thing was he would always say to
be Frankie yes and then the other thing
that he did was go playing cricket yeah
and he gone out and then like in the
next game I mean literally many games of
cricket same evening yeah he came back
and he caught on with his bat yeah I
said I'm back with a vengeance
I hope we got that one so just to prove
that we're legit cooks all right we've
got here all the way from India the
champion of Indian cooking my mom who
happens to be visiting me here in LA and
so what better taster for the food than
her so here she comes
drum roll please go she's brought her
own spoon and she's gonna sample and
tell us if it's any good and I have more
than two beers say to the camera please
that was not convincing try it again
take it again show some emotion so the
chickpeas aren't actually saw some of
them sometimes in some of these cans
they end up being really hard and so
what we're gonna do is we're gonna add a
little bit of water okay just a little I
would say like half a cup we're gonna
mix it around I'm gonna mix it around
like this and it'll cover it
we're gonna cover it and turn it to
somewhere between low and medium and
leave it there for about I would say
another 10 minutes we are going to
garnish the chana masala for aesthetic
purposes which consists of just picking
up these chopped red onions do not
explain some coriander we're gonna make
this any worse than it is sprinkling it
on top which really does look very nice
I would say and I think we are all ready
to eat 10 there you go beautiful
perfection you can get good nan at Whole
Foods and right now we've got some
Trader Joe's naan which we're gonna pop
into the oven it's the standard garlic
naan it's not really naan per se but it
works
so we're toss it in there the ovens like
350 or whatever - dirty oven right now
and just you know leave it in there for
like I don't know 3 to 4 minutes check
on it and then you'll be ready to go all
right so here we go this is how you do
it
yes and so what you do is you just grab
a bite you grab some chana masala and
you stick it in your cake hole oh yeah
how is that fantastic just probably
shoot that again without using the word
cake hole I think a coats great yeah
yeah you can also do non ho